README.md, before:

# Awesome-CV [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

This repository contains a curated list of awesome resources that can help you with creating and customizing your Curriculum Vitae (CV).

FYI, this list is in alphabetical order.

## Table of Content

[Curriculum Vitae](#curriculum-vitae)
- [Drag-and-drop](#drag-and-drop)
- [Jekyll](#jekyll)
- [LaTeX](#latex)
- [Markdown](#markdown)
- [TypeScript](#typescript)
- [Typst](#typst)
- [Vue](#vue)

[Contributing](#contributing)

## Curriculum Vitae

### Drag-and-drop

- [Reactive-Resume](https://github.com/AmruthPillai/Reactive-Resume) - A one-of-a-kind resume builder that keeps your privacy in mind. Completely secure, customizable, portable, open-source and free forever.

### Jekyll

- [online-cv](https://github.com/sharu725/online-cv) - A minimal Jekyll Theme to host your resume (CV) on GitHub with few clicks.
- [resume-template](https://github.com/jglovier/resume-template) - A simple Jekyll + GitHub Pages powered resume template.

### LaTeX

- [Friggeri CV Template](https://www.overleaf.com/latex/templates/friggeri-cv-template/hmnchbfmjgqh) - A template suitable for anyone, that needs to be compiled with XeLaTeX.
- [latexcv](https://github.com/jankapunkt/latexcv) - A collection of CV and resume templates written in LaTeX.
- [avinal/resume](https://github.com/avinal/resume) - Compact and Minimal LaTeX Resume Template
- [liweitianux/resume](https://github.com/liweitianux/resume) - A resume in LaTeX (template suited for new graduates)
- [posquit0/Awesome-CV](https://github.com/posquit0/Awesome-CV) - A template for your outstanding job application.

### Markdown

- [nimo-markdown-cv](https://github.com/wodeni/nimo-markdown-cv) - Maintain your CV in Markdown.

### TypeScript

- [cv](https://github.com/BartoszJarocki/cv) - Print-friendly, minimalist CV page.

### Typst

- [bare-bones-cv](https://github.com/caffeinatedgaze/bare-bones-cv) - A minimalistic CV comprising essentials only.
- [brilliant-CV](https://github.com/mintyfrankie/brilliant-CV) - Another CV template for your job application.
- [imprecv](https://github.com/jskherman/cv.typ) - A no-frills curriculum vitae (CV) template.
- [modern-cv](https://github.com/DeveloperPaul123/modern-cv) - A modern resume template.
- [modern-typst-resume](https://github.com/peterpf/modern-typst-resume) - A modern typst resume template.
- [moderncv.typst](https://github.com/giovanniberti/moderncv.typst) - A typst template inspired by LaTeX moderncv.
- [resume](https://github.com/hexWars/resume) - A pretty resume template.
- [resume.typ](https://github.com/wusyong/resume.typ) - Resume template for Typst.
- [typst-academic-cv](https://github.com/DawnEver/typst-academic-cv) - Typst Template for Academic CV.
- [Typst-CV-Resume](https://github.com/jxpeng98/Typst-CV-Resume) - A CV template inspired by Deedy-Resume.
- [typst-cv-template](https://github.com/JCGoran/typst-cv-template) - Template for a CV using typst.
- [typst-cv-template1](https://github.com/vaibhavjhawar/typst-cv-template1) - A Typst Resume/CV template, inspired by Alessandro Plasmati's Graduate CV LaTex template.
- [typst-neat-cv](https://github.com/UntimelyCreation/typst-neat-cv) - A set of templates to produce modern, minimal and elegant CVs and cover letters.
- [typst-resume-sans](https://github.com/mizlan/typst-resume-sans) - Pretty resume template.
- [typst-resume-template](https://github.com/bamboovir/typst-resume-template) - typst-resume-template.
- [typst-twentysecondcv](https://github.com/tomowang/typst-twentysecondcv) - Twenty Seconds CV/Resume.
- [vercanard](https://github.com/elegaanz/vercanard) - A colorful resume template.

### Vue

- [best-resume-ever](https://github.com/salomonelli/best-resume-ever) - Build multiple beautiful resumes.

## Contributing

Your contributions are always welcome! Please take a look at the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) first.

Commit message:

Add new Typst-based CVs

README.md, after:

# Awesome-CV [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)

This repository contains a curated list of awesome resources that can help you with creating and customizing your Curriculum Vitae (CV).

FYI, this list is in alphabetical order.

## Table of Content

[Curriculum Vitae](#curriculum-vitae)
- [Drag-and-drop](#drag-and-drop)
- [Jekyll](#jekyll)
- [LaTeX](#latex)
- [Markdown](#markdown)
- [TypeScript](#typescript)
- [Typst](#typst)
- [Vue](#vue)

[Contributing](#contributing)

## Curriculum Vitae

### Drag-and-drop

- [Reactive-Resume](https://github.com/AmruthPillai/Reactive-Resume) - A one-of-a-kind resume builder that keeps your privacy in mind. Completely secure, customizable, portable, open-source and free forever.

### Jekyll

- [online-cv](https://github.com/sharu725/online-cv) - A minimal Jekyll Theme to host your resume (CV) on GitHub with few clicks.
- [resume-template](https://github.com/jglovier/resume-template) - A simple Jekyll + GitHub Pages powered resume template.

### LaTeX

- [Friggeri CV Template](https://www.overleaf.com/latex/templates/friggeri-cv-template/hmnchbfmjgqh) - A template suitable for anyone, that needs to be compiled with XeLaTeX.
- [latexcv](https://github.com/jankapunkt/latexcv) - A collection of CV and resume templates written in LaTeX.
- [avinal/resume](https://github.com/avinal/resume) - Compact and Minimal LaTeX Resume Template
- [liweitianux/resume](https://github.com/liweitianux/resume) - A resume in LaTeX (template suited for new graduates)
- [posquit0/Awesome-CV](https://github.com/posquit0/Awesome-CV) - A template for your outstanding job application.

### Markdown

- [nimo-markdown-cv](https://github.com/wodeni/nimo-markdown-cv) - Maintain your CV in Markdown.

### TypeScript

- [cv](https://github.com/BartoszJarocki/cv) - Print-friendly, minimalist CV page.

### Typst

- [alta-typst](https://github.com/GeorgeHoneywood/alta-typst) - A simple Typst CV template.
- [attractive-typst-resume](https://github.com/Harkunwar/attractive-typst-resume) - Attractive Typst Resume Template.
- [bare-bones-cv](https://github.com/caffeinatedgaze/bare-bones-cv) - A minimalistic CV comprising essentials only.
- [billryan-typst](https://github.com/gvariable/billryan-typst) - A simple and minimalist resume template, inspired by Resume by Billryan.
- [brilliant-CV](https://github.com/mintyfrankie/brilliant-CV) - Another CV template for your job application.
- [caidan](https://github.com/cu1ch3n/caidan) - A clean and minimal food menu template.
- [chicv](https://github.com/skyzh/chicv) - A minimal and fully-customizable CV template.
- [cv](https://github.com/daxartio/cv) - Programmatic generation of high-quality CVs.
- [imprecv](https://github.com/jskherman/cv.typ) - A no-frills curriculum vitae (CV) template.
- [modern-cv](https://github.com/DeveloperPaul123/modern-cv) - A modern resume template.
- [modern-typst-resume](https://github.com/peterpf/modern-typst-resume) - A modern typst resume template.
- [moderncv.typst](https://github.com/giovanniberti/moderncv.typst) - A typst template inspired by LaTeX moderncv.
- [NNJR](https://github.com/tzx/NNJR) - NNJR is Not Jake's Resume. However, it is similar and is written in Typst!
- [resume](https://github.com/hexWars/resume) - A pretty resume template.
- [resume.typ](https://github.com/wusyong/resume.typ) - Resume template for Typst.
- [simplecv](https://github.com/LaurenzV/simplecv) - A simple and elegant CV template.
- [typst-academic-cv](https://github.com/DawnEver/typst-academic-cv) - Typst Template for Academic CV.
- [typst-blue-header-cv](https://github.com/cammellos/typst-blue-header-cv) - A sleek and professional CV template.
- [typst-cv-miku](https://github.com/ice-kylin/typst-cv-miku) - A simple, elegant, academic style CV template.
- [Typst-CV-Resume](https://github.com/jxpeng98/Typst-CV-Resume) - A CV template inspired by Deedy-Resume.
- [typst-cv-template](https://github.com/JCGoran/typst-cv-template) - Template for a CV using typst.
- [typst-cv-template1](https://github.com/vaibhavjhawar/typst-cv-template1) - A Typst Resume/CV template, inspired by Alessandro Plasmati's Graduate CV LaTex template.
- [typst-neat-cv](https://github.com/UntimelyCreation/typst-neat-cv) - A set of templates to produce modern, minimal and elegant CVs and cover letters.
- [typst-resume-sans](https://github.com/mizlan/typst-resume-sans) - Pretty resume template.
- [typst-resume-template](https://github.com/bamboovir/typst-resume-template) - typst-resume-template.
- [typst-twentysecondcv](https://github.com/tomowang/typst-twentysecondcv) - Twenty Seconds CV/Resume.
- [vercanard](https://github.com/elegaanz/vercanard) - A colorful resume template.

### Vue

- [best-resume-ever](https://github.com/salomonelli/best-resume-ever) - Build multiple beautiful resumes.

## Contributing

Your contributions are always welcome! Please take a look at the [contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) first.
